Sabrina:

Thank you for forwarding information to me regarding the Professorship in Art at UIC. I am excited to submit my materials for consideration to the committee and I am confident you will find me a qualified candidate with strong teaching credentials, formal research experience, and a healthy experimental practice. 

I hold a Ph.D. from The Sonic Arts Research Center, the School of Music, Queens University Belfast, where I studied electroacoustic composition with Michael Alcorn, in addition to a Masters in Music Technology from the University of Limerick.  Both these programs were highly interdisciplinary, and I produced a diverse portfolio of works including fixed studio compositions, works for live instruments with electronics, large-scale aleatoric compositions, as well as music to accompany film, theatre, and dance. 

As a post-doctoral researcher at the University of Tromsø, I collaborated with colleagues at Stanford, McGill, and NYU to develop a platform for the real-time, bi-directional performance of musical works mediated by high-bandwidth networks.  During my time I produced a variety of distributed performances, developing audio/visual solutions for musicians, dancers, and designers working at a distance.

As such, my research interests combine sound, live performance, interactivity, computation, and networks.

And this is why i am looking for an agile art department situated 

deftly navigage 

cultivate a culture of making  . 

I hold a Ph.D. from The Sonic Arts Research Center, the School of Music, Queens University Belfast, where I studied electroacoustic composition with Michael Alcorn, as well as Masters in Music Technology from the University of Limerick. During my graduate studies I produced a diverse portfolio of works including fixed compositions for multi-channel diffusion, performances for live instruments with electronics, large-scale aleatoric works, as well as works to accompany film, theatre, and dance. From 2010 to 2012, I conducted post-doctoral research with the World Opera/VERDIONE Project, developing a platform for the real-time bi-directional performance/presentation of distributed operatic works via high-bandwidth networks. During this time I produced a variety of distributed performances, developing audio/visual solutions for musicians, dancers, and designers working at a distance. 

I continue to maintain an international profile, presenting at conferences, workshops, and festivals throughout Europe and North America. My work appears in peer-reviewed publications and I have served on the review committees for the Art.on.Wires Festival (Norway), the NIME Conference, Re-New Digital Arts Festival (Denmark), and AES. I am currently teaching in the Interdisciplinary Arts graduate program at Columbia College Chicago, delivering a practice-based course in installation arts in addition to a researchpracticum. I also teach in the Interactive Arts and Media Program at Columbia College inaddition to the New Media program at the University of Illinois Chicago, presenting courses in sound design, physical computing, fabrication, creative coding, and motion capture. I have strong teaching credentials and a record of positive student feedback, which can be made available upon request.

I hold a PhD from the Sonic Arts Research Center at Queens University Belfast and a Masters in Music Technology from the Centre for Computational Musicology and Computer Music at the University of Limerick. Further, I have conducted post-doctoral research in systems to afford musician, actors, and dancers the opportunity to 

at the University of Tromsø as part of the World Opera Project. These experiences were formative to both by academic and personal practice, being wholly interdisciplinary and highly collaborative.



computing, engineering, art


, work closely with colleagues at Stanford, NYU, McGill, and KTH Stockholm. These formative experiences

looking for a place where I can work in between disciplines